---
date: "2025-04-06"
title: Sort of an Ending
season: 06
episode: 01
published: true
---

So this week’s we should be a very significant one since it was the last day in work for me having worked the same place for just 30 years.

When I write it down like that, it starts to become a strange reality. A very long time to work in one place even though I got through a ton of different interesting, and stimulating things, and met loads of lovely people.

I suspect I’ll continue to be in reflective mood for a little while yet, but my optimistic default will come to the rescue.

What has been great so far is finding a community of people working in content and service design, reminding me of the old days of Web development, where people are supportive ,curious and committed to the work.

Writing a CV and job applications is a new thing, and can be a bit of a challenge; either under or over selling yourself and then pitching it in the void. I was reminded of the Gretzky quote “You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take”.

On the media front, I just finished a book called Sweat: the history of exercise, which was an interesting quite personal journey into the history of exercise but ended up being more of a travelogue and vehicle for Bill Hayes with reflections on his relationship with exercise and what it’s meant for during his life. Once I accepted that it was then the book turned out to be pretty enjoyable.

Two documentaries this week:
The public image is rotten – about John Lydon and the very many incarnations of Public Image Limited. As music documentaries go was one of the better ones I’ve seen as it was pretty illuminating of the characters and circumstances, and as usual with these things quite funny.
And then I watched the classic, Pumping Iron. You can see how Arnie became too big for the stage in bodybuilding and he certainly has bags of charisma but there was enough interest in the little side plots as well.

Late to Slow Horses, but enjoying Series 2.
