---
date: "2025-09-28"
title: Write stuff down
season: 06
episode: 07
published: true
---

Big chunk of my thinking this week has been on a Service Blueprint.

Faced with the task of taking lots of really interesting, but quite disparate needs, comments, observations, processes and actors that have been captured. I found it a tricky one to know where to start, so I started at the beginning! One of the chief function of a Service Blueprint is to make visual relationships, so I did the basic stuff of grouping things. That gets things moving, and as things coalesce the heading and ways to group things started to make sense.

I’m reminded often of the quote ‘The map is not the territory’ and one function of  the blueprint is as a guidance to all the other resources you need to deliver the service. That’s a blueprint as a functional resources, but after discussions with my clever colleagues, I also see the communication and engagement function it can serve. Looking forward to chewing over those aspects, while refining the existing prototype.

Met some developers this week, who seem keen to have a BA (me) on board, and I was happy to be metaphorically piped aboard. Still can’t quit believe it’s only my 4th week.

Have a load of dry links on oversight frameworks in various parts of the NHS, though can’t quote remember why I started looking at them.

Paying the price for this week note, of not being efficient at writing daily stuff down, despite spending a good chunk of Friday coming up with some ideas on ways of working. Especially since I actually said my ‘thing’ is ‘writing stuff down’

The irony.
