---
layout: post
title: "Media in 2023"
date: "2024-01-01"
category: blog
published: true
image-thumb:
excerpt: "A year of media"
tags:
  - thoughts

meta: "2023 Media"

---

## Books

Looking back through the books I've read this year, the randomness of the charity shop has set me on a path of music related biographies and memoirs, and now that santa brought me Bass Guitar for Dummies, I'm obviously about to become a musician. I enjoyed the different styles of each fo the four books listed as they covered what it's like to form a band, survive in one, what it's like to be into music but not a musiscian and also detailed some of the less obvious human costs of that way of life.

- The Big Midweek
- Touching from a distance
- Bedsit Disco Queen
- Going to Sea in a Sieve

Big thinking books were the Status Game - which [deserved some notes all to itself][status], and Black Box Thinking, which I found most interesting when comparing cultures of Aviation and Healthcare and their supposed attitudes to mistakes. 

Also managed to read a decent amount and variety of fiction.

What I thought about all the books are over at [read this year][read]

## Film and TV

Watched a lot less film this year, and unsurprisingly, more TV. Tended to find a series and binge it, so we did Endeavour - an enjoyable detective series about young Morse, with Roger Allam excelling as Fred Thursday. I did solo watch of Barry, Yellowjackets seemed to go under lots of people's radar, but was good. Was late to the party with Dectorists, but was lovely. I stuck it out to the end of Last of Us, but was just ok by the end.

Notable highlights in film were - a couple of interesting scifi in Lapsis and Vesper, a good run of horror with Bull, Train to Busan, Censor, and the very odd Deerskin, interruppted by Jeepers Creepers - which was dull.  The other big stinker was the hot mess that was The Boondock Saints. Full list over at [Letterboxd][watched]

## Music

Still ploughing through my [Masochistic Listening project][music] and getting the occasional nice surprise, but realising it doesn't take that much to make the list.

[read]: /reading/2023/
[watched]: https://letterboxd.com/mearso/films/diary/
[music]: /blog/1001-Albums-Progress.html
[status]: /sketchnotes/the-status-game.html